Rebuilt Royal Scot Class 46153 "The Royal Dragoon"


IMPORTANT NOTES.  1. This model requires UKTS ID 2896 "3 Cylinder Generic Sound Set " to be installed in your MSTS setup.

                  2. The folder "common.sound" which is included in the DEE_RS_46153 file, should be extracted and placed in the MSTS "Trainset" folder.

		  
The following files have been obtained from UKTS and incorporated into the model:

 Crew  UKTS ID 7706
 Cabfile UKTS 6952 

I would like to thank the respective authors for allowing their work to be used.

Additionally I'd like to thank Michael Young (mickrik) for kindly offering the use of his Stanier whistle sounds.

With the exception of the contents of the above files, the contents of this file - DEE_RS_46153 - are the copyright of Danny Gilbert. November 2009.

The model has been tested prior to release, but any subsequent download and installation must be undertaken at your own risk. The model is Freeware and for personal use only and all files are for distribution by UKTS only. They must not be made available from any other website - or used in any other way - without my permission.


RESKINS 

If you want to re-skin then go right ahead - I look forward to seeing them! The only condition is that a copy of this readme must be included in the folder.

My texture mapping is not very good - in fact it's probably quite confusing as textures have been obtained and modified from previous models. To identify the correct textures for a part it is recommended that you use Paul Gausden's ShapeView. Click on View and then Textures and this provides a full listing. Removing the tick from any box identifies the applicable parts in that texture. 
Most of the required textures are on RS_xxx. ace files, and it is recommended that you start with these. There are a few odd files that can be ignored for reskins, however they have had to be included here as they were used to texture individual polys on transferred parts.


THE MODEL

The model represents 46153 Rebuilt and in a lightly weathered condition. The livery is BR Brunswick Green, which was gradually phased in from mid-1949 onwards. 

Royal Scots were essentially used on passenger express services, but in later years could be seen on semi-fasts and Mail trains.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I would like to thank Kieran Hardy for carrying out the essential fault-finding and independent testing of the model, which enabled problems to be identified and resolved before uploading. Also I am grateful for his brilliant screenshots, which are so much better than anything I could manage.

I would also like to thank Rick Gibb (1crick14a) for writing the .eng and .wag files - a vital part of any MSTS model and such an improvement over my tentative efforts.


Finally,I hope you enjoy this model. If you have any comments then please send me a pm or post on the UKTS Forums.


DEE4141

November 2009
